06/17/2021
Topics: String methods continue

package name: day17_String

Warmup tasks:
	1.Ask the user enter an account number (String). Check if these account number is valid.
	    > If the account number begins with a “2” the account number should be 7 characters long
	    > If the account number begins with a “5” the account number should be 10 characters long
	    —> If the account number does not begin with a 2 or a 5 OR the account number lengths do not meet the expected results print “Invalid account number”

	2. write a program that can return the initials of the user
	            ex:
	                cybertek
	                school
	            output:
	                C.S

	3. write a program that can check if the first and last characters of the string are same
	            ex:
	                Level
	            output:
	                same

	4. Ask the user to enter username and password, and username can be typed either in lowercase or uppercase. Still, the password must be exact to log in. write a program to check if the user entered username & passwords match with the saved username & password in the database. If it's, then print "Logged in successfully". Otherwise, print "Invalid username or password."

			Assume that your username & password in the database are: 
									Cybertek@gmail.com
									Cybertek123
			Ex:
				username: CYBERTEK@Gmail.com
				password: Cybertek123

				output:
					Logged in successfully

 
String methods:
	contains(str): checks if the given str is contained in the string. returns boolean  (has)

				sentence = "My favorite programming languages are: C#, Java, JavaScript"   ;

				sentence.contains("Python") //false


	startsWith(str): checks if the string is started with given str. returns boolean
			sentence = "Cybertek School is the best"

			sentence.startsWith("Cybertek")


	endsWith(str): checks if the string is ended with given str. returns boolean



task:
	1. write a program to verify if the gmail is valid
			requirments:
					a valid gmail account should end with @gmail.com

	2. write a program that can check if the given website is valid website or not
			starts with: www.
			ends with: .com, .edu, .gov

	3. ask the user to enter a word.
        if the word ends with "ly", print "really???" ,  otherwise, print "never mind"
















